README.md, before:

# ut99-mac-packager

Build a distributable macOS DMG for Unreal Tournament 99.

## Prerequisites

- macOS
- UT99 installed via the [OldUnreal](https://www.oldunreal.com/) patch (469d or later)
- The app bundle at `/Applications/UnrealTournament.app` and game data in `~/Library/Application Support/Unreal Tournament/`

## Usage

```bash
./build_dmg.sh
```

The DMG is written to the current directory by default. Override paths with environment variables:

```bash
APP_SRC=/path/to/UnrealTournament.app \
DATA_SRC=/path/to/game-data \
OUTPUT_DIR=~/Desktop \
./build_dmg.sh
```

| Variable     | Default                                                  | Description                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| `APP_SRC`    | `/Applications/UnrealTournament.app`                     | Path to the app bundle         |
| `DATA_SRC`   | `~/Library/Application Support/Unreal Tournament`        | Path to game data directory    |
| `OUTPUT_DIR` | `.` (current directory)                                  | Where to write the DMG         |
| `DMG_NAME`   | `UnrealTournament99-macOS`                               | Base filename for the DMG      |

## What the DMG contains

- A self-contained `UnrealTournament.app` with all Maps, Sounds, Textures, and Music baked in
- An `Applications` shortcut for drag-and-drop installation

The bundle is ad-hoc code-signed so macOS will allow it to run.

## First launch

The app is not notarized, so macOS will block it on first open. Right-click the app and choose **Open**, then confirm in the dialog.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Clarify that the DMG is fully self-contained for end users

README.md, after:

# ut99-mac-packager

Build a distributable macOS DMG for Unreal Tournament 99.

## Prerequisites

- macOS
- UT99 installed via the [OldUnreal](https://www.oldunreal.com/) patch (469d or later)
- The app bundle at `/Applications/UnrealTournament.app` and game data in `~/Library/Application Support/Unreal Tournament/`

## Usage

```bash
./build_dmg.sh
```

The DMG is written to the current directory by default. Override paths with environment variables:

```bash
APP_SRC=/path/to/UnrealTournament.app \
DATA_SRC=/path/to/game-data \
OUTPUT_DIR=~/Desktop \
./build_dmg.sh
```

| Variable     | Default                                                  | Description                    |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| `APP_SRC`    | `/Applications/UnrealTournament.app`                     | Path to the app bundle         |
| `DATA_SRC`   | `~/Library/Application Support/Unreal Tournament`        | Path to game data directory    |
| `OUTPUT_DIR` | `.` (current directory)                                  | Where to write the DMG         |
| `DMG_NAME`   | `UnrealTournament99-macOS`                               | Base filename for the DMG      |

## For players

The DMG is fully self-contained — just drag `UnrealTournament.app` to Applications and play. No installer, no extra downloads, no dependencies. All Maps, Sounds, Textures, and Music are baked into the app bundle.

On first launch, macOS will block the app because it isn't notarized. Right-click the app, choose **Open**, and confirm the dialog. After that it runs normally.

## What the DMG contains

- A self-contained `UnrealTournament.app` with all game data included
- An `Applications` shortcut for drag-and-drop installation

The bundle is ad-hoc code-signed so macOS will allow it to run.

## License

MIT
